on that day king ahasuerus gave Queen
on that day king ahasuerus gave Queen Esther the house of Haman the enemy of
Esther the house of Haman the enemy of
Esther the house of Haman the enemy of the Jews
the Jews
the Jews and Mordecai came before the King for
and Mordecai came before the King for
and Mordecai came before the King for Esther had told how he was related to
Esther had told how he was related to
Esther had told how he was related to her so the king took off his signet ring
her so the king took off his signet ring
her so the king took off his signet ring which had taken from Haman and gave it
which had taken from Haman and gave it
which had taken from Haman and gave it to Mordecai and Esther appointed
to Mordecai and Esther appointed
to Mordecai and Esther appointed Mordecai over the house of Haman
Mordecai over the house of Haman
Mordecai over the house of Haman now Esther spoke again to the king fell
now Esther spoke again to the king fell
now Esther spoke again to the king fell down at his feet and implored him with
down at his feet and implored him with
down at his feet and implored him with tears to counteract the evil of Haman
tears to counteract the evil of Haman
tears to counteract the evil of Haman the agag Act and the scheme which he had
the agag Act and the scheme which he had
the agag Act and the scheme which he had devised against the Jews and the King
devised against the Jews and the King
devised against the Jews and the King held out the golden scepter toward
held out the golden scepter toward
held out the golden scepter toward Esther so Esther arose and stood before
Esther so Esther arose and stood before
Esther so Esther arose and stood before the king if it pleases the King and if I
the king if it pleases the King and if I
the king if it pleases the King and if I have found favor in his sight the thing
have found favor in his sight the thing
have found favor in his sight the thing seems right to the king and I am
seems right to the king and I am
seems right to the king and I am pleasing in his eyes let it be written
pleasing in his eyes let it be written
pleasing in his eyes let it be written to revoke the letters devised by Haman
to revoke the letters devised by Haman
to revoke the letters devised by Haman the son of Hama death the agave which he
the son of Hama death the agave which he
the son of Hama death the agave which he wrote to annihilate the Jews who are in
wrote to annihilate the Jews who are in
wrote to annihilate the Jews who are in all the king's provinces for health and
all the king's provinces for health and
all the king's provinces for health and I endure to see the evil that will come
I endure to see the evil that will come
I endure to see the evil that will come to my people or how can i endu of this
to my people or how can i endu of this
to my people or how can i endu of this youth destruction of my
youth destruction of my
youth destruction of my [Music]
then King Ahasuerus said to Queen Esther
then King Ahasuerus said to Queen Esther and Mordecai the Jew indeed I have given
and Mordecai the Jew indeed I have given
and Mordecai the Jew indeed I have given Esther the house of Haman and they have
Esther the house of Haman and they have
Esther the house of Haman and they have hanged him on the gallows because he
hanged him on the gallows because he
hanged him on the gallows because he tried to lay his hand on the Jews you
tried to lay his hand on the Jews you
tried to lay his hand on the Jews you yourselves write a decree concerning the
yourselves write a decree concerning the
yourselves write a decree concerning the Jews as you please in the King's name
Jews as you please in the King's name
Jews as you please in the King's name and seal it with the Kings signet ring
and seal it with the Kings signet ring
and seal it with the Kings signet ring for whatever is written in the King's
for whatever is written in the King's
for whatever is written in the King's name and sealed with the Kings signet
name and sealed with the Kings signet
name and sealed with the Kings signet ring
ring
ring no one can revoke so the Kings scribes
no one can revoke so the Kings scribes
no one can revoke so the Kings scribes were called at that time in the third
were called at that time in the third
were called at that time in the third month which is the month of Sipho on the
month which is the month of Sipho on the
month which is the month of Sipho on the 23rd day and it was written according to
23rd day and it was written according to
23rd day and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews
all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews
all that Mordecai commanded to the Jews the satraps the governors and the
the satraps the governors and the
the satraps the governors and the princes of the provinces from India to
princes of the provinces from India to
princes of the provinces from India to Ethiopia 127 provinces in all to every
Ethiopia 127 provinces in all to every
Ethiopia 127 provinces in all to every province in its own script to every
province in its own script to every
province in its own script to every people in their own language and to the
people in their own language and to the
people in their own language and to the Jews in their own script and language
Jews in their own script and language
Jews in their own script and language and he wrote in the name of King
and he wrote in the name of King
and he wrote in the name of King Ahasuerus sealed it with the Kings
Ahasuerus sealed it with the Kings
Ahasuerus sealed it with the Kings signet ring and sent letters by couriers
signet ring and sent letters by couriers
signet ring and sent letters by couriers on horseback riding on Royal horses bred
on horseback riding on Royal horses bred
on horseback riding on Royal horses bred from Swift steeds by these letters the
from Swift steeds by these letters the
from Swift steeds by these letters the King permitted the Jews who were in
King permitted the Jews who were in
King permitted the Jews who were in every city to gather together and
every city to gather together and
every city to gather together and protect their lives to destroy killed
protect their lives to destroy killed
protect their lives to destroy killed and annihilate all the forces of any
and annihilate all the forces of any
and annihilate all the forces of any people or province that would assault
people or province that would assault
people or province that would assault them both little children and women and
them both little children and women and
them both little children and women and to plunder their possessions on one day
to plunder their possessions on one day
to plunder their possessions on one day in all the provinces of King Ahasuerus
in all the provinces of King Ahasuerus
in all the provinces of King Ahasuerus on the 13th day of the 12th month which
on the 13th day of the 12th month which
on the 13th day of the 12th month which is the month of ADA
is the month of ADA
is the month of ADA a copy of the document was to be issued
a copy of the document was to be issued
a copy of the document was to be issued as a decree in every province and
as a decree in every province and
as a decree in every province and published for all people so that the
published for all people so that the
published for all people so that the Jews will be ready on that day to avenge
Jews will be ready on that day to avenge
Jews will be ready on that day to avenge themselves on their animals couriers who
themselves on their animals couriers who
themselves on their animals couriers who rode on royal horses went out hastened
rode on royal horses went out hastened
rode on royal horses went out hastened and pressed on by the king's command and
and pressed on by the king's command and
and pressed on by the king's command and the decree was issued in Shushan the
the decree was issued in Shushan the
the decree was issued in Shushan the citizen so Mordecai went out from the
citizen so Mordecai went out from the
citizen so Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of
presence of the king in royal apparel of
presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white with a great crown of
blue and white with a great crown of
blue and white with a great crown of gold and the garment of fine linen and
gold and the garment of fine linen and
gold and the garment of fine linen and purple and the City of Shushan rejoiced
purple and the City of Shushan rejoiced
purple and the City of Shushan rejoiced and was glad the Jews had light and
and was glad the Jews had light and
and was glad the Jews had light and gladness joy and honor and in every
gladness joy and honor and in every
gladness joy and honor and in every province and city wherever the king's
province and city wherever the king's
province and city wherever the king's command and decree came the Jews had joy
command and decree came the Jews had joy
command and decree came the Jews had joy and gladness a feast and a holiday then
and gladness a feast and a holiday then
and gladness a feast and a holiday then many of the people of the land became
many of the people of the land became
many of the people of the land became Jews because fear of the Jews fell upon
Jews because fear of the Jews fell upon
Jews because fear of the Jews fell upon them